Cloud multi-user (#665)
timescale/docs: cloud/user-management.md

# User management
You can manage users for your Timescale Cloud account by navigating to the

> `Members` section in your Cloud console. From here, you can see your FIXME

Author: I don't have the feature on dev, so I can't write this yet.

## About Timescale Cloud user management
Timescale Cloud allows you to collaborate with other users on your projects.
When you have created your project, you can add other users so that they can see

> your project in their Timescale Cloud console. You can add, manage, and delete

Author: Aren't adding and deleting "managing" though? 🤔

users from the `Members` section of the Cloud console.

If you are the creator of the Project, you are assigned an Administrator role,

> and have the ability to add, manage, and delete other users. If you have been

Reviewer: "Manage" here too.

Also, they can change the project name too.

> added to a project, you are assigned a Member role.

Reviewer: Currently, Member roles also have the ability to add and delete other members, and change the project name. 

There isn't any huge difference between the roles for now, so I wonder if it should even be worth mentioning/distinguishing between them currently?

## Add or remove members
You can add members to your project group from the `Members` section in your
Cloud console.  The new member does not need  to have a Timescale Cloud account
before you add them. If they do not yet have an account, they are prompted to
create one.

<procedure>

### Adding members to a project group
1.  [Log in to your Timescale Cloud account][cloud-login] and navigate to
    the `Members` section.
1.  Click `Add New Member`.
1.  Type the email address of the person that you want to add. A confirmation
    email is sent to the email address you entered.
1.  Follow the instructions in the confirmation email to confirm the email

>     address. Alternatively, the new member can create or sign in to a Timescale Cloud account with the email address, and accept the invitation by navigating to the `Invitations` section, and clicking `Accept`.

Reviewer: Heads up: Soon, it can also be clarified here that invites will be able to be accepted via the "accept invite" button in the emails.

And for new Timescale members, once they click the "accept invite" button in their email, they'll be taken to the signup page where they can register. Once clicking the sign up button, they'll be auto-logged in, auto accept the invite, and jump into the project they were invited to.

This implementation is currently being worked on.

1.  The new member can switch to the shared project by selecting it from the
    `Project` drop down menu.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/FIXME.png" alt="Adding a new member to a project in Timescale Cloud"/>

</procedure>

<procedure>

> ### Removing members from a project group

Reviewer: A section called `Leaving a project` can also be made. 

For members that are not the owner/admin of a project, they have the ability to remove themselves from it via the "Leave project" button inside of the Members page. This button will only appear for non-admin members.

Author: I've written the procedure, but it doesn't look like it's active yet.

Reviewer 2: This feature should be active on dev now. It's located bottom right in the member's page.

Author: Yep, I have it active and could add and remove members, but couldn't see how to leave a project. I don't seem to get the `Leave Project` button.

Reviewer 2: So you can't leave your own project but you can leave projects other people invite you to. That may be the issue. I just invited you to a project. Try and leave that.

Author: Yeah, that's what I was trying to do. I don't see the button.

Reviewer: @Loquacity Is the “Leave project” button still not appearing for you?

Author: I'll check again today.

Author: So I can't click the Accept button at all today, I can only decline an invitation 😢

Author: Ah ha! I have it now! 🎉

# User management
You can manage users for your Timescale Cloud account by navigating to the
`Members` section in your Cloud console. From here, you can see the current

> members of your Timescale Cloud project, and add and remove members.

Reviewer 3: You can use the`Members` section in your Cloud console to view, remove, or add members to your Timescale Cloud project.

## About Timescale Cloud user management
Timescale Cloud allows you to collaborate with other users on your projects.
When you have created your project, you can add other users so that they can see
your project in their Timescale Cloud console. You can add, manage, and delete
users from the `Members` section of the Cloud console.

> If you are the creator of the project, you are assigned an `Administrator` role,

Reviewer 3: You are the `Administrator` for the projects that you create and have the privilege to edit the project name, and add or delete users.

> If you are the creator of the project, you are assigned an `Administrator` role,
> and have the ability to add and delete other users, as well as change the
> project name. If you have been added to a project, you are assigned a `Member`

Author: ```suggestion
You are the assigned an `Administrator` role for projects that you create,
and have the ability to add and delete other users, as well as change the
project name. If you have been added to a project, you are assigned a `Member`
```

role.

## Add or remove members
You can add members to your project group from the `Members` section in your
Cloud console.  The new member does not need to have a Timescale Cloud account
before you add them. If they do not yet have an account, they are prompted to
create one.

<procedure>

### Adding members to a project group
1.  [Log in to your Timescale Cloud account][cloud-login] and navigate to
    the `Members` section.
1.  Click `Add New Member`.
1.  Type the email address of the person that you want to add. A confirmation
    email is sent to the email address you entered.
1.  Follow the instructions in the confirmation email to confirm the email
    address. Alternatively, the new member can create or sign in to a Timescale
    Cloud account with the email address, and accept the invitation by

>     navigating to the `Invitations` section, and clicking `Accept`.

Reviewer: Note: If an email that isn't currently a TSCloud member is invited to a project, their way of joining that project would be through receiving the email, clicking "Accept invite" btn, being taken to the sign up page, after signing up, being taken to login page, and when they login for the first time, they're **auto accepted** into said project. First time users don't explicitly accept via Invitations page.

1.  The new member can switch to the shared project by selecting it from the
    `Project` drop down menu.

<img class="main-content__illustration" src="https://s3.amazonaws.com/assets.timescale.com/docs/images/tsc-add-members.png" alt="Adding a new member to a project in Timescale Cloud"/>

</procedure>

<procedure>

### Removing members from a project group
1.  [Log in to your Timescale Cloud account][cloud-login] and navigate to
    the `Members` section.
1.  Locate the member you want to remove in the list, and click the trash can
    icon.
1.  Confirm the deletion by typing DELETE, and click `Delete`.
1.  The member is deleted from the project immediately, and can no longer switch
    to the shared project.

</procedure>

> <!--- This isn't active yet. --LKB 20220217

Reviewer: This is on dev. Is it still not appearing for you?

Author: Working now, and procedure updated.

# User management
You can manage users for your Timescale Cloud account by navigating to the
`Members` section in your Cloud console. From here, you can see the current
members of your Timescale Cloud project, and add and remove members.

## About Timescale Cloud user management
Timescale Cloud allows you to collaborate with other users on your projects.
When you have created your project, you can add other users so that they can see
your project in their Timescale Cloud console. You can add, manage, and delete
users from the `Members` section of the Cloud console.

> You are the assigned an `Administrator` role for projects that you create,

Reviewer 4: That reads weird to my foreign eyes :grin:

Author: ```suggestion
You are assigned an `Administrator` role for projects that you create,
```

Author: That's because it's a typo 😉
